switch to using rbenv for ruby version management (#22)
RedHatProductSecurity/deplist: README.md

$ dnf install -y golang-bin yarnpkg maven rubygem-bundler npm
```

> You also need rbenv installed. Any installed ruby versions will be used as backups from starting with system ruby (if available), and then from newest to oldest.

Reviewer: So as not to break things for users, `deplist` should keep working without `rbenv` installed, and only use it if is available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also supports `rbenv`. Any ruby versions installed with `rbenv` will be used as backups from starting with system ruby (if available), and then from newest to oldest.
```

Reviewer: Tested it out, and works both with and without rbenv for me, awesome!
